Now with our first custom tests written,
before we write more tests,
let's talk about this tests suites vs. tests thing.
As your application grows,
you typically will have dozens
or maybe hundreds or thousands of tests
and to organize and group those different tests,
you often organize them into different testing suites.
For example, all the tests, belonging to one feature,
or one component of your application,
could be grouped into one testing suite,
and you create such a testing suite,
by using the global "describe" function.
Just like "test," that's a globally available function.
You also give these two arguments,
where the first argument is a description
and this is a description of this category
to which your different tests will then belong,
and here it could be "Greeting," like this,
or "Greeting component"
to make it clear that we're talking about the tests,
belonging to the "Greeting component."
Then you have a second argument,
which also is an anonymous function here.
But in this function
you don't write the testing code itself,
but you put your different tests in there.
So we kept this test and added in this function.
And now we've got one suite
with one test
and we can have multiple suites
and we can also have multiple tests per suite.
So if I now saved this,
you see that we still have this description text,
but it's grouped below this testing group name,
this testing suite name
and you see that we have one testing suite
and one test
The same as before
because if we have no explicitly set suite,
we get one automatically.
But now, we do have our own clearly labeled suite,
which is a good idea.
As your application grows
you definitely want to group your tests like this.